Make simple authorization docs more clear about the classes and APIs it uses (#9112)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/oauth/con-oauth-authorization-intro.adoc

Users and clients are matched against policies that permit access to perform specific actions on Kafka brokers.

Kafka allows all users full access to brokers by default,
and also provides the `AclAuthorizer` and `StandardAuthorizer` plugins to configure authorization based on Access Control Lists (ACLs).

> The ACL rules used by these plugins and used to grant or deny access to resources based on _username_ are stored in the Kafka cluster itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ACL rules managed by these plugins are used to grant or deny access to resources based on the _username_, and these rules are stored within the Kafka cluster itself.
```
